##################################################################
#
#    INSTALLATION Instructions for the Algorithm::LDA  Package
#    $Id: INSTALL.pod,v 1.3 2017/08/11 22:20:46 btmcinnes Exp $ 
##################################################################

=head1 Algorithm-LDA

Algorithm-LDA provides an implementation of Latent Dirichlet Allocation
in Algorithm.

=head1 TESTING PLATFORMS

Algorithm-LDA has been developed and tested on Linux 
primarily using Algorithm, NetBeans 8.1 and the Bash shell. 

=head1 REQUIREMENTS

Algorithm-LDA REQUIRES that the following software be installed. 
More details on how to obtain and install appear below. 

--Programming Languages
Algorithm (version 5.8.5 or better)

--CPAN modules
JSON::XS
List::Util
List::MoreUtils
Class::Accessor::Fast

=head1 PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES

=head2 Algorithm (version 5.8.5 or better)

Algorithm is freely available at:

L<http://www.perl.org>

It is very likely that you will already have Algorithm installed 
if you are using a Unix/Linux based system. 

=head1 CPAN MODULES

=head2 JSON::XS

Please see the JSON::XS documentation.

=head2 List::Util

Please see the List::Util documentation.

=head2 List::MoreUtils

Please see the List::MoreUtils documentation.

=head2 Class::Accessor::Fast

Please see the Class::Accessor::Fast documentation.

=head1 INSTALLATION 

If you have supervisor access, or have configured MCPAN for local 
install, you can install via: 

 perl -MCPAN -e shell
 > install Algorithm-LDA 


If not, you can, "manually" install by downloading the *.tar.gz file,  
unpacking, and executing the following commands. 

                perl Makefile.PL PREFIX=/home/programs LIB=/home/lib
                make
                make test
                make install

Note that the PREFIX and LIB settings are just examples to help you create 
a local install, if you do not have supervisor (su) access. 

You must include /home/lib in your PERL5LIB environment 
variable to access this module when running.

If you have the super-user access, then you can install Algorithm-LDA 
into system directories via :
		perl Makefile.PL
		make
		make install
	 	make clean

The exact location of where Algorithm-LDA will be installed 
depends on your system configuration. A message will be printed 
out after 'make install' telling your exactly where it was installed. 

=head1 CONTACT US

If you have any trouble installing and using Algorithm-LDA, please 
contact us: 

 Bridget T. McInnes: btmcinnes at vcu.edu

